[**DESCRIPTION OF THIS REPOSITORY**]<br>
This repository includes Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) related technologies and example projects of both SOAP and REST Web Services using JAVA, SpringMVC5 and SpringBoot2. APIs like JAX-WS, JAX-RS and JAXB are adopted along with frameworks as Apache CXF, Jersey and Hibernate/JPA. MySQL is the DBMS. Eclipse has been chosen as the IDE. Dependencies as jackson and jasper are included. And SoapUI and Postman have been used for testing, as well as custom client servers and jsp views. For SOAP, are included: WS-Security (userNameToken, RSA Encryption, XML Hash Signatures and Timestamp), MTOM and Handlers. Also for SOAP, top-down and bottom-up development processes are demonstrated, for new from-scratch API projects as well as for evolving and exposing legacy server systems as Web Services APIs with minimum changes to their original code and architecture. For REST, are demonstrated: sample Restful APIs with DB Persistency, Rest Security (authentication, authorization, BCrypt Encryption, OAuth2 Tokens), error handling, asynchronous consumer/producer communication, Attachments. XML, XSD, WSDL and JSON are extensively used throughout the examples. JAVA8+ compatible.

[**UPDATE FEB-2020**]<br>
This repository is a collection of FINISHED projects, with no .git commit history (for each project separately) and NOT subject to change or contributions. The purpose of this and of other similar "academics" repositories in my account has been merely to store finished projects in a cloud backup, not for continuous or shared development. In case you wanna follow, issue, fork or contribute with pull requests to UNDER DEVELOPMENT projects of mine, please look for the individual repo of each respective project in my account (https://github.com/danielpm1982?tab=repositories), instead of in these "academics" repos. From now on, when under development projects are finished, I'll keep copying them to "academics" repos (as unmodifiable backup and with no .git history) but I'll start leaving the original development repos undeleted at my account as well... with all .git commit and other git objects history available in them.

[**Copyright© License**]<br>
Copyright © 2020 <Daniel Pinheiro Maia, danielpm1982@gmail.com><br>
This GitHub repository - and all code (software) available inside - is exclusively for academic and individual learning purpose, and is **NOT AVAILABLE FOR ANY KIND OF COMMERCIAL USE**, nor has warranty of any type. You're authorized to fork, clone, run, modify, branch, merge and test it, at your own risk and using your own GitHub account, for individual learning purposes only, as said, but you're **not allowed to distribute, sublicense and/or sell copies of the whole or of parts of it** without explicit and written authorization from the original owner / author. You can fork this repository to your individual account at GitHub, clone it to your personal notebook or PC, analyse, run and test its code, modify and extend it locally or remotely (at your own account, as a forked repository), as well as send any issues or pull-requests to this parent (original) repository for eventual approval. GitHub is in charge of explicitly show whom this respository has been forked from, which guarantees the correct referral of those interested to the original repository owner / author. **If you wish to use any of this repository content in any other way than expressed above, or publish it anyway or anywhere else than as a forked repository at GitHub, please contact the original owner / author** using GitHub or the contact info below. For the meaning of the technical terms used at this license, please refer to GitHub documentation (https://help.github.com/en/github).

[**Owner and Author of this GitHub Repository**]<br>
Daniel Pinheiro Maia<br>
danielpm1982.com<br>
danielpm1982@gmail.com<br>
linkedin.com/in/danielpm1982<br>
Brazil<br>
<br>
.
